fix a tiny typo on be (#10535)
denoland/deno: core/README.md

[http_bench_json_ops.rs](https://github.com/denoland/deno/blob/main/core/examples/http_bench_json_ops.rs)
as a simple example of usage.

> TypeScript support and a lot of other functionality are not available at this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript support and lots of other functionality are not available at this
```
